Fix #281: Add option to disable CPU-heavy tasks on startup (#293)
ONLYOFFICE/Docker-DocumentServer: README.md

- **JWT_HEADER**: Defines the http header that will be used to send the JSON Web Token. Defaults to `Authorization`.
- **JWT_IN_BODY**: Specifies the enabling the token validation in the request body to the ONLYOFFICE Document Server. Defaults to `false`.
- **USE_UNAUTHORIZED_STORAGE**: Set to `true`if using selfsigned certificates for your storage server e.g. Nextcloud. Defaults to `false`

> - **GENERATE_FONTS**: When 'true' regenerates fonts list and the fonts thumbnails e.t.c. at each start. Defaults to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **GENERATE_FONTS**: When 'true' regenerates fonts list and the fonts thumbnails etc. at each start. Defaults to `true`
```
